[JEP-227] Update some status and add some PRs (#306)
jenkinsci/jep: jep/227/compatibility.adoc

could be switched to `hasPermission` for full compatibility.

|link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/extensible-choice-parameter/[extensible-choice-parameter]
|Compatible

> |Only tests require adjustment, e.g. link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/extensible-choice-parameter-plugin/blob/3fda75de34d4099d078a038fc3eeb3c38679c1f8/src/test/java/jp/ikedam/jenkins/plugins/extensible_choice_parameter/SystemGroovyChoiceListProviderJenkinsTest.java#L217-L219[this test], pending link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/extensible-choice-parameter-plugin/pull/42[extensible-choice-parameter-plugin #4] for tests without Acegi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/extensible-choice-parameter-plugin/pull/42[extensible-choice-parameter-plugin #4] required for tests to pass.
```

(I suppose? Unclear to me.)

Reviewer: Acc. to https://github.com/jenkinsci/extensible-choice-parameter-plugin/pull/42#issuecomment-698345257 that PR is _not_ even required for tests to pass; it is just cleanup. So should be reworded.

|link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/jobConfigHistory/[jobConfigHistory]
|Probably compatible
|link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/jobConfigHistory-plugin/blob/d7cef005f875b00a04e6bd7a81eee69510b65c59/src/test/java/hudson/plugins/jobConfigHistory/JobConfigHistoryProjectActionTest.java#L317[This code]

> would need to be adjusted to make tests pass. Pending link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/jobConfigHistory-plugin/pull/127[jobConfigHistory-plugin #127] for test passing and ensuring full compatibility when users are lacking permissions.

Reviewer: Suffices to link to the PR, no need to retain code links now.

|As of link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/plugin-util-api-plugin/releases/tag/plugin-util-api-1.2.5[1.2.5].

|link:https://plugins.jenkins.io/purge-job-history/[purge-job-history]

> |Compatible

Reviewer: No, mostly compatible _as of now_. (Compatible if and when that PR is released.)

Author: In this plugin, now you get a 500 if you are lacking permission and with the core update, you will get 403.
The PR corrects the bug that makes the "feature" working.

So if you consider such corner case in the "mostly", fine :) Just wanted to give details ;)

|link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/purge-job-history-plugin/blob/e694f76d73b7b6402741d5ba88df2f702dab993e/src/main/java/jenkins/plugins/purgejobhistory/PurgeJobHistory.java#L124-L130[This code] and
link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/purge-job-history-plugin/blob/e694f76d73b7b6402741d5ba88df2f702dab993e/src/main/java/jenkins/plugins/purgejobhistory/PurgeJobHistory.java#L193-L199[this code]

> should be switched to `hasPermission`. Pending link:https://github.com/jenkinsci/purge-job-history-plugin/pull/10[purge-job-history-plugin #10] for full compatibility + bug correction. No functional change.

Reviewer: Again, can keep the third column simple here: just link to the PR.
